[add] More information on the Dockerfiles in the README (#44)
LedgerHQ/ledger-app-builder: README.md

# Ledger Application Builder

These container images contain all dependencies to compile an application for Nano S/S+/X.

The three images are stored in the following directories:

> - `lite` is based on `Alpine` and is the lightest of the app-builder docker images. It contains enough to compile `C`-only applications. It does **not** contain the `glibc`, so tools/analyzers using it won't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `lite` is based on `Alpine` and is the lightest of the app-builder docker images. It contains the sufficient tools to build and load applications in the `C` language. It does **not** contain the `glibc`, so tools/analyzers using it won't work.
```

- `full` is the default image. It derives from `lite` and contains tools allowing `Rust` compilation.
- `legacy` contains all needed tools to compile `C` and `Rust` applications. This image is quite heavy, but based on Ubuntu 22.04, so it is a good pick for tools using the `glibc`, such as `SonarQube` or `CodeQL`.

## Using Ledger images

> The images corresponding to the previous Dockefiles are built and pushed on [ghcr.io](ghcr.io) every time the SDK is updated.

Reviewer 2: Typo on "Dockerfiles"

```bash
$ # docker can be replaced with podman or buildah without sudo

> $ sudo docker run --rm -ti -v "$(realpath .):/app" --user $(id -u $USER):$(id -g $USER) ledger-app-builder:latest

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure, should it be either:
- ledger-app-builder:latest (manual build)
- ghcr.io/ledgerhq/ledger-app-builder/ledger-app-builder:latest (image from ghcr)

Author: `ghcr.io/ledgerhq/ledger-app-builder/ledger-app-builder:latest` is better, I'll change.

> root@656be163fe84:/app# make

Reviewer 3: I would have always specify `BOLOS_SDK=$NANOZ_SDK`. This is a bit more verbose, but it's more clear that it must be specified on all jobs, including `scan-build` and `load`.

> $ sudo docker run --rm -ti -v "$(realpath .):/app" --user $(id -u $USER):$(id -g $USER) ghcr.io/ledgerhq/ledger-app-builder/ledger-app-builder:latest

Reviewer: No `--privileged -v "/dev/bus/usb:/dev/bus/usb"` ?
It's for loading apps I think

Reviewer 4: Indeed, it is required for sideloading apps.

Author: Mentioned in next step "load apps". We should not add too many magic options rigth now.

> root@656be163fe84:/app# BOLOS_SDK=$NANOS_SDK make

Reviewer: Add a comment to explain that we can replace `NANOS` with other devices

```

> The Docker image includes the [Clang Static Analyzer](https://clang-analyzer.llvm.org/), which can be invoked with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker images include the [Clang Static Analyzer](https://clang-analyzer.llvm.org/), which can be invoked with:
```

```bash
$ # docker can be replaced with podman or buildah without sudo
$ sudo docker run --rm -ti -v "$(realpath .):/app" --user $(id -u $USER):$(id -g $USER) ghcr.io/ledgerhq/ledger-app-builder/ledger-app-builder:latest
root@656be163fe84:/app# BOLOS_SDK=$NANOX_SDK make
```

For Nano S+, specify the `BOLOS_SDK` environment variable before building your app with the pre-defined `$NANOSP_SDK` variable:

```bash
$ # docker can be replaced with podman or buildah without sudo
$ sudo docker run --rm -ti -v "$(realpath .):/app" --user $(id -u $USER):$(id -g $USER) ghcr.io/ledgerhq/ledger-app-builder/ledger-app-builder:latest
root@656be163fe84:/app# BOLOS_SDK=$NANOSP_SDK make
```

## Load the app on a physical device

:warning: Only Nano S and Nano S+ devices allow application side-loading. This section will not work with a Nano X.

To load the app from the container, you will need additional docker arguments in order to allow Docker to access your USB port.
Your physical device must be connected, unlocked and the screen showing the dashboard (not inside an application).
Use the following docker command:

```bash

> $ sudo docker run --rm -ti  -v "$(realpath .):/app" --privileged -v "/dev/bus/usb:/dev/bus/usb" --user $(id -u $USER):$(id -g $USER) ghcr.io/ledgerhq/ledger-app-builder/ledger-app-builder:latest

Reviewer: I would recommend always using the usb option, there is no downside in doing so

Author: Except for the clarity of the `README`. I'm not keen on over-informing a reader with options not useful yet. The USB option is useful for loading only. This README reflects that. Once the user understand this, he is free to add it anywhere it pleases him.

root@656be163fe84:/app# BOLOS_SDK=$NANOS_SDK make load
```

## Build the container image

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add a text to explain the benefits of rebuilding the container ?

Reviewer 5: yes agree (advanced users only)

### Standard Build

> Container can be build using standard tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containers can be built using standard tools:
```

```bash
# Docker
$ (cd full && sudo docker build -t ledger-app-builder:latest .)
# Podman (from https://podman.io/)

> $ (cd full && podman build -t ledger-app-builder:latest .)

Reviewer 5: keep only docker

# Buildah (from https://buildah.io/)
$ (cd full && buildah bud -t ledger-app-builder:latest .)
```

### App Scanner

Image can embed the [Coverity Scan](https://scan.coverity.com/) build tool. It is an excellent static analysis tool, and it can be very useful to find bugs in Nano apps.

The build tool must be downloaded before building the image. Archive can be downloaded from <https://scan.coverity.com/download>. Download is available to everyone, but it requires to create an account. After having registered, download Coverity Build Tool 2021.12 for Linux64 and place the downloaded archive in the `coverity` directory.

Then, build container from the `coverity/` directory with:

```bash
# Docker

> $ (cd full && sudo docker build -t ledger-app-scanner:latest .)

Reviewer 5: keep only docker
